you should get your family involved very early in processing for your
next career step because you have to remember they're part of this process
as well. And if you're not having a good home life back at home
with your family, that's gonna affect your work life as well. So
you need to kind of communicate to them like what your overall objectives
and goals are. What do you see yourself doing? Or you just gonna
do this enlistment? But this contract, then leave the service? Are
you intending on making this'll career, or do they know that they
on board with that they support you? And the decisions that you're making
is you need to involve them early on when you're making these
decisions?